-Game Intro-
A tale of the Demon and Saints.

No one knows exactly when the emergence of Saints and Demons actually happened but one day they were there. Some even grew up appearing Human only to show Saint or Demon traits as they neared adolescence.

Demons and Saints never got along; and Humans were stuck right in the middle. By the time the 3rd Land War ended, the Demons were stuck with the harsh barren land filled with heat and dust in the east; the Saints, unable to handle living in a land near the Demons decided to seek sanctuary in the cold mountains to the west. And the Humans, they got the best bargain, their lands were lush and bountiful with fruit and trees but they were constantly in the crossfire between the two other races.

The Saints all lived in the tower they built and named it the Ascension, they favoured high places and were convinced they were the superior race to oversee all live in the world. 
Whereas the Demons traveled in nomadic groups and scavanged for food, their sense of camaraderie strong and their instincts for survival were honed. 
The Humans had made farms the better the distribution of food and live in little villages scattered across the land. 
And all the way, at the edges of Human land are Elder villages, where the Half Demons and Half Saints grow up first as Humans, and, as they begin grow into young adults, Demon or Saint traits begin to show. When they become of age they are escorted to lands of their designated race.

At first every race kept to their own lands but when the Saints were beginning to lack food they spread the rumour that Demons were barbarians that destroyed villages and killed people for pleasure. They then offered to the Humans protection, in exchange for monthy offerings of food and eventually the Humans began to worship the Saints and vehemently despise the Demons.

Rumour has it that the Demon Lord will arise and defeat the Saint's Seraph and obliterate the discrimination.
-END-
-Character Intro- 

You will begin as a young adolescent.

A sparkling new life that has yet to step out into the world. You are but a simple being that walks among the land like any other. You will make some choices in life that may shape who you become in the future and may open or close opportunities. Like any other being, sometimes, the path you take might make you notorious; whether good or bad is really for you to decide.

But, before we can even begin your story please tell me about yourself:
-END-
